helo[VIDEO PLAYBACK]. [MUSIC PLAYING]. - Since day one, we set out to
significantly improve the lives. of as many people as possible.. And with a little help,
you found new answers,. discovered new places.. The right words came
at just the right time,. and we even learned how to
spell the word "epicurean.". - R-I-A-N.. - Life got a little easier.. Our photos got a little better.. And we got closer to a
world where we all belong.. - All stations ready
to resume count.. 3, 2, 1, we have liftoff!. - So as we stand on the cusp
of a new era, new breakthroughs. in AI, will reimagine
the ways we can help.. We will have the chance to
improve the lives of billions. of people.. We will give businesses
the opportunity. to thrive and grow and help
society answer the toughest. questions we have to face.. Now, we don't take
this for granted.. So while our ambition
is bold, our approach. will always be responsible,
because our goal is to make. AI helpful for everyone.. [MUSIC PLAYING]. [END PLAYBACK]. [CHEERS, APPLAUSE].. 
heloWelcome to Google I/O.. [APPLAUSE]. It's great to see so many
of you here at Shoreline,. so many developers.. And a huge thanks
to the millions. joining from around the
world, from Bangladesh. to Brazil to our new Bayview
campus right next door.. It's so great to
have you, as always.. As you may have heard, AI
is having a very busy year,. so we've got lots to talk about.. Let's get started.. Seven years into our journey
as an AI-first company,. we are at an exciting
inflection point.. We have an opportunity to
make AI even more helpful. for people, for businesses,
for communities, for everyone.. We have been applying AI to
make our products radically more. helpful for a while.. With generative AI, we
are taking the next step.. With a bold and
responsible approach,. we are reimagining all our core
products, including Search.. You will hear more
later in the keynote.. Let me start with a
few examples of how. generative AI is helping
to evolve our products,. starting with Gmail.. In 2017, we launched
Smart Reply,.. 
heloNext came Smart Compose, which
offered writing suggestions. as you type.. Smart Compose led to more
advanced writing features. powered by AI.. They've been used in Workspace
over 180 billion times. in the past year alone.. And now, with a much more
powerful generative model,. we are taking the next step
in Gmail with Help Me Write.. Let's say you got this email
that your flight was canceled.. The airline has sent a voucher,
but what you really want. is a full refund.. You could reply and
use Help Me Write.. Just type in the
prompt of what you. want, an email to ask for
a full refund, hit Create,. and a full draft appears.. As you can see, it conveniently
pulled in flight details. from the previous email.. And it looks pretty close
to what you want to send.. Maybe you want to
define it further.. In this case, a
more elaborate email. might increase the chances
of getting the refund.. [LAUGHTER]. [APPLAUSE]. And there you go.. I think it's ready to send.. Help Me Write will
start rolling out.. 
heloAnd just like with
Smart Compose,. you will see it get
better over time.. The next example is Maps.. Since the early
days of Street View,. AI have stitched together
billions of panoramic images. so people can explore the
world from their device.. At last year's I/O, we
introduced Immersive View,. which uses AI to
create a high fidelity. representation of a place
so you can experience it. before you visit.. Now, we are expanding
that same technology. to do what Maps does best--. help you get where
you want to go.. Google Maps provides
20 billion kilometers. of directions every day.. That's a lot of trips.. Imagine if you could see
your whole trip in advance.. With Immersive View
for Routes, now you. can, whether you're walking,
cycling, or driving.. Let me show you what I mean.. Say I'm in New York City and
I want to go on a bike ride.. Maps has given me a couple of
options close to where I am.. I like the one on
the waterfront,. so let's go with that.. Looks scenic.. I want to get a
feel for it first... 
heloand it's an entirely new
way to look at my journey.. I can zoom in to get an
incredible bird's eye. view of the ride.. And as we turn, we get
onto a great bike path.. [APPLAUSE]. It looks like it's going
to be a beautiful ride.. You can also check
today's air quality.. Looks like AQI is 43--. pretty good.. And if I want to check
traffic and weather. and see how they might change
over the next few hours,. I can do that.. Looks like it's
going to pour later.. So maybe I want
to get going now.. Immersive View for
Routes will begin. to roll out over the summer
and launch in 15 cities. by the end of the year,
including London, New. York, Tokyo, and San Francisco.. [APPLAUSE]. Another product made better
by AI is Google Photos.. We introduced it at I/O in 2015.. It was one of our first
AI-native products.. Breakthroughs in
machine learning. made it possible to search your
photos for things like people,. sunsets, or waterfalls.. Of course, we want you to do
more than just search photos.. We also want to help
you make them better... 
heloare edited in Google Photos.. AI advancements give us more
powerful ways to do this.. For example, Magic Eraser,
launched first on Pixel,. uses AI-powered
computational photography. to remove unwanted distractions.. And later this year,
using a combination. of semantic understanding
and generative. AI, you can do much more
with a new experience. called Magic Editor.. Let's have a look.. Say you are on a
hike and you stop. to take a photo in
front of a waterfall.. You wish you had taken
your bag off for the photo,. so let's go ahead and
remove that back strap.. The photo feels a bit dark, so
you can improve the lighting.. And maybe you want to even
get rid of some clouds. to make it feel as sunny
as you remember it.. Looking even
closer, you wish you. had posed so it looks like
you're really catching. the water in your hand.. No problem-- you
can adjust that.. [APPLAUSE]. There you go.. Let's look at one more photo.. This is a great photo,
but as a parent,. you always want your kid
at the center of it all... 
heloSo you can go ahead and
reposition the birthday boy.. Magic Editor
automatically recreates. parts of the bench and
balloons that were not. captured in the original shot.. As a finishing touch,
you can punch up the sky.. It changes the lighting
in the rest of the photo.. So the Edit feels consistent.. It's truly magical.. We are excited to roll out
Magic Editor in Google Photos. later this year.. From Gmail and
Photos to Maps, these. are just a few examples of
how AI can help you in moments. that matter.. And there is so
much more we can do. to deliver the full
potential of AI. across the products
you know and love.. Today, we have 15
products that each. serve more than half a
billion people and businesses.. And six of those products sell
over 2 billion users each.. This gives us so
many opportunities. to deliver on our mission,
to organize the world's. information, and
make it universally. accessible and useful.. It's a timeless
mission that feels. more relevant with
each passing year... 
helois the most profound way we
will advance our mission.. And we are doing this
in four important ways.. First, by improving
your knowledge. and learning and deepening your
understanding of the world.. Second, by boosting
creativity and productivity. so you can express yourself
and get things done.. Third, by enabling
developers and businesses. to build their own
transformative products. and services.. And finally, by building and
deploying AI responsibly so. that everyone can
benefit equally.. We are so excited by
the opportunities ahead.. Our ability to make AI
helpful for everyone. relies on continuously
advancing our foundation models.. So I want to take
a moment to share. how we are approaching them.. Last year, you heard
us talk about PaLM,. which led to many improvements
across our products.. Today, we are ready to
announce our latest PaLM model. in production, PaLM 2.. [APPLAUSE]. PaLM 2.. This is one of our fundamental
research and our latest. infrastructure.. It's highly capable at
a wide range of tasks,.. 
heloWe are announcing over 25
products and features powered. by PaLM 2 today.. PaLM 2 models deliver excellent
foundational capabilities. across a wide range of sizes.. We have affectionately named
them gecko, otter, bison,. and unicorn.. Gecko's so lightweight
that it can. work on mobile
devices, fast enough. or great interactive
applications on device. even when offline.. PaLM 2 models are stronger
in logic and reasoning thanks. to broad training on scientific
and mathematical topics.. It's also trained on
multilingual text,. spanning over 100 languages
so to understand and generate. nuanced results.. Combined with powerful
coding capabilities,. PaLM 2 can also help developers
collaborating around the world.. Let's look at this example.. Let's say you're working
with a colleague in Seoul. and you're debugging code.. You can ask it to fix
a bug and help out. your teammate by adding
comments in Korean to the code.. It first recognizes the code
is recursive, suggests a fix,. and even explains the
reasoning behind the fix... 
helojust like you asked.. [APPLAUSE]. While PaLM 2 is highly
capable, it really. shines when fine-tuned on
domain-specific knowledge.. We recently released
Sec-PaLM, version of PaLM 2. fine-tuned for
security use cases.. It uses AI to better
detect malicious scripts,. and can help security experts
understand and resolve threats.. Another example is Med-PaLM 2.. In this case, it's fine-tuned
on medical knowledge.. This fine-tuning
achieved a 9x reduction. in inaccurate reasoning
when compared to the model,. approaching the performance
of clinician experts. who answered the same
set of questions.. In fact, Med-PaLM 2 was
the first language model. to perform an expert level on
medical licensing exam-style. questions, and is currently
the state of the art.. We are also working to add
capabilities to Med-PaLM 2. so that it can
synthesize information. from medical imaging, like
plain films and mammograms.. You can imagine
an AI collaborator. that helps radiologists
interpret images. and communicate the results... 
helobeing used in
specialized domains.. We can't wait to
see it used in more.. That's why I'm pleased to
announce that it is now. available in Preview.. And I'll let Thomas share more.. [APPLAUSE]. PaLM 2 is the latest step
in our decade long journey. to bring AI in responsible
ways to billions of people.. It builds on progress made
by two world-class teams,. the Brain Team and DeepMind.. Looking back at the
defining AI breakthroughs. over the last
decade, these teams. have contributed to a
significant number of them--. AlphaGo, transformers,
sequence-to-sequence models,. and so on.. All this helps set the stage
for the inflection point. we are at today.. We recently brought
these two teams together. into a single unit,
Google DeepMind.. Using the computational
resources of Google,. they are focused on building
more capable systems safely. and responsibly.. This includes our
next-generation foundation. model, Gemini, which
is still in training.. Gemini was created
from the ground up. to be multi-modal,
highly efficient at tool.. 
helolike memory and planning.. While still early,
we are already. seeing impressive multimodal
capabilities not seen. in prior models.. Once fine-tuned and
rigorously tested for safety,. Gemini will be available at
various sizes and capabilities,. just like PaLM 2.. As we invest in more
advanced models,. we are also deeply investing
in AI responsibility.. This includes having the tools
to identify synthetically. generated content
whenever you encounter it.. Two important approaches are
watermarking and metadata.. Watermarking embeds information
directly into content. in ways that are maintained even
through modest image editing.. Moving forward, we are
building our models. to include watermarking
and other techniques. from the start.. If you look at a
synthetic image,. it's impressive
how real it looks.. So you can imagine
how important this. is going to be in the future.. Metadata allows
content creators to. associate additional
contexts with original files,. giving you more
information whenever.. 
heloWe'll ensure every one of
our AI-generated images. has that metadata.. James will talk about
our responsible approach. to AI later.. As models get better
and more capable,. one of the most
exciting opportunities. is making them available for
people to engage with directly.. That's the opportunity we
have at Bard, our experiment. for conversational AI.. We are rapidly evolving Bard.. It now supports a wide range
of programming capabilities,. and it's gotten much smarter
at reasoning and math problems.. And as of today, it is now
fully running on PaLM 2.. To share more about
what's coming,. let me turn it over to Sissie.. [MUSIC PLAYING]. [APPLAUSE]. SISSIE HSIAO: Thanks, Sundar.. Large language models
have captured the world's. imagination,
changing how we think. about the future of computing.. We launched Bard as a
limited-access experiment. on a lightweight,
large language model. to get feedback and iterate.. And since then, the team
has been working hard. to make rapid improvements
and launch them quickly... 
helomade a huge leap forward,
underpinning its ability. to help developers
with programming.. Bard can now collaborate on
tasks like code generation,. debugging, and
explaining code snippets.. Bard has already learned more
than 20 programming languages,. including C++, Go,
JavaScript, Python, Kotlin,. and even Google
Sheets functions.. And we're thrilled to see
that coding has quickly. become one of the
most popular things. that people are doing with Bard.. So let's take a
look at an example.. I've recently been
learning chess,. and for fun, I
thought I'd see if I. can program a move in Python.. How would I use Python to
generate the "scholar's mate". move in chess?. OK.. Here, Bard created a script
to recreate this chess. move in Python.. And notice how it also
formatted the code nicely,. making it easy to read.. We've also heard great feedback
from developers about how. Bard provides code citations.. And starting next week, you'll
notice something right here.. We're making code citations
even more precise... 
helojust click this annotation, and
Bard will underline the block. and link to the source.. Now, Bard can also help
me understand the code.. Could you tell me what
chess.board does in this code?. Now, this is a super
helpful explanation. of what it's doing and
makes things more clear.. Let's see if we can make
this code a little better.. How would I improve this code?. Let's see.. There's a list comprehension,
creating a function,. and using a generator .. Those are some
great suggestions.. Now, could you join them into
one single Python code block?. Now, Bard is rebuilding the
code with these improvements.. OK, great.. How easy was that?. And in a couple clicks, I can
move this directly into Colab.. Developers love the ability
to bring code from Bard. into their workflow,
like to Colab.. So coming soon, we're
adding the ability. to export and run code
with our partner Replit,. starting with Python.. [APPLAUSE]. We've also heard that
you want dark theme,. so starting today,
you can activate it... 
heloYou can activate
it right in Bard. or let it follow
your OS settings.. And speaking of
exporting things,. people often ask
Bard for a head start. drafting emails and documents.. So today, we are launching
two more export actions,. making it easy to move
Bard's responses right. into Gmail and Docs.. [APPLAUSE]. So we're excited by how quickly
Bard and the underlying models. are improving, but we're
not stopping there.. We want to bring more
capabilities to Bard. to fuel your curiosity
and imagination.. And so I'm excited to announce
that tools are coming to Bard.. [APPLAUSE]. As you collaborate
with Bard, you'll. be able to tap into
services from Google. and extensions with partners to
let you do things never before. possible.. And of course, we'll
approach this responsibly,. in a secure and private
way, letting you always stay. in control.. We're starting with
some of the Google Apps. that people love
and use every day.. It's incredible what Bard
can already do with text,. but images are such
a fundamental part.. 
heloSo in the next few weeks,
Bard will become more visual,. both in its responses
and your prompts.. So if you ask, what are some
must-see sites in New Orleans,. Bard's going to use Google
Search and the knowledge graph. to find the most
relevant images.. Here we go.. The French Quarter,
the Garden District.. These images are really
giving me a much better sense. of what I'm exploring.. We'll also make it easy for
you to prompt Bard with images,. giving you even more ways
to explore and create.. People love Google Lens,
and in the coming months,. we're bringing the
powers of Lens to Bard.. [APPLAUSE]. So if you're looking to have
some fun with your fur babies,. you might upload
an image and ask. Bard to write a funny
caption about these two.. Lens detects that
this is a photo. of a goofy German shepherd
and a golden retriever,. and then Bard uses that to
create some funny captions.. If you ask me, I think
they're both good boys.. Now,. Let's do another one.. Imagine I'm 18 and I
need to apply to college... 
helobut it's still an
overwhelming process.. So I'm thinking about
colleges, but I'm not. sure what I want to focus on.. I'm into video games.. And what kinds of programs
might be interesting?. OK, this is a
helpful head start.. Hmm, animation looks
pretty interesting.. Now, I could ask,
help me find colleges. with animation programs
in Pennsylvania.. OK, great.. That's a good list of schools.. Now, to see where these
are, I might now say,. show these on a map.. Here, Bard's going to use
Google Maps to visualize. where the schools are.. [APPLAUSE]. This is super helpful,
and it's exciting to see. that there's plenty of
options not too far from home.. Now, let's start
organizing things a bit.. Show these options as a table.. Nice-- structured and organized.. But there's more I want to know.. Add a column showing
whether they're. public or private schools.. [APPLAUSE]. Perfect.. This is a great
start to build on.. And now, let's move
this to Google Sheets. so my family can jump in later
to help me with my search... 
heloYou can see how easy it will
be to get a jump start in Bard. and quickly have something
useful to move over. to apps like Docs or Sheets
to build on with others.. OK, now that's a taste of
what's possible when Bard. meets some of Google's apps.. But that's just the start.. Bard will be able to tap
into all kinds of services. from across the
web, with extensions. from incredible
partners like Instacart,. Indeed, Khan Academy,
and many more.. So here's a look at one coming
in the next couple of months.. With Adobe Firefly,
you'll be able to generate. completely new images from
your imagination right in Bard.. Now, let's say I'm
planning a birthday. party for my seven-year-old,
who loves unicorns.. I want a fun image to send
out with the invitations.. Make an image of a unicorn
and a cake at a kid's party.. Now, Bard is
working with firefly. to bring what I
imagined to life.. [APPLAUSE]. How amazing is that?. This will unlock
all kinds of ways. that you can take your
creativity further and faster... 
heloBard continues to
rapidly improve and learn. new abilities, and we want to
let people around the world. try it out and share
their feedback.. So today, we are
removing the waitlist. and opening up Bard to over
180 countries and territories--. [APPLAUSE]. --with more coming soon.. And in addition to becoming
available in more places,. Bard is also becoming
available in more languages.. Beyond English,
starting today, you'll. be able to talk to Bard
in Japanese and Korean.. Adding languages responsibly
involves deep work. to get things like quality
and local nuances right.. And we're pleased to share
that we're on track to support. 40 languages soon.. [APPLAUSE]. It's amazing to see the
rate of progress so far--. more advanced models, so
many new capabilities,. and the ability for
even more people. to collaborate with Bard.. And when we're ready to move
Bard to our Gemini model,. I'm really excited about
more advancements to come.. So that's where we're going
with Bard, connecting tools.. 
heloto help you do and create
anything you can imagine. through a fluid
collaboration with our most. capable, large language models.. There's so much to
share in the days ahead.. And now, to hear more about
how large language models are. enabling next-generation
productivity features right. in Workspace, I'll
hand it over to Aparna.. [MUSIC PLAYING]. [APPLAUSE]. APARNA PAPPU: From
the very beginning,. Workspace was built to allow
you to collaborate in real time. with other people.. Now, you can collaborate
in real time with AI.. AI can act as a coach,
a thought partner,. a source of
inspiration, as well as. a productivity booster across
all of the apps of Workspace.. Our first steps with
AI as a collaborator. were via the Help Me Write
feature in Gmail and Docs,. which launched to
trusted testers in March.. We've been truly blown away by
the clever and creative ways. these features are being
used, from writing essays,. sales pitches, project
plans, client outreach,. and so much more.. Since then, we've
been busy expanding.. 
heloLet me show you a few examples.. One of our most
popular use cases. is the trusty job description.. Every business, big or
small, needs to hire people.. A good job description can
make all the difference.. Here's how Docs
has been helping.. Say you run a fashion
boutique and need. to hire a textile designer.. To get started, you enter
just a few words as a prompt.. Senior-level job description
for textile designer.. Docs will take that prompt,
send it to a PaLM 2-based model,. and let's see what I got back.. Not bad.. With just seven words,
the model came back. with a good starting
point written out really. nicely for me.. Now, you can take
that and customize it. for the kind of experience,
education, and skill set. that this role needs, saving
you a ton of time and effort.. Next--. [APPLAUSE]. --let me show you how you can
get more organized with Sheets.. Imagine you run a
dog walking business. and need to keep track of things
like your clients, logistics. about the dogs, like what
time they need to be walked,.. 
heloSheets can help
you get organized.. In a new sheet,
simply type something. like "client and pet roster
for a dog walking business. with rates" and hit Create.. Sheets sends this input
to a fine-tuned model. that we've been training with
all sorts of Sheets-specific. use cases.. Look at that.. The model--. [APPLAUSE]. The model figured out
what you might need.. The generated table has
things like the dog's name,. client info, notes, et cetera.. This is a good start
for you to tinker with.. Sheets made it
easy for you to get. started so you can go back
to doing what you love.. Speaking of getting
back to things. you love, let's talk
about Google Slides.. People use Slides for
storytelling all the time,. whether at work or in
their personal lives.. For example, you get
your extended family. to collect anecdotes,
haikus, jokes. for your parents' 50th wedding
anniversary in a slide deck.. Everyone does their bit.. But maybe this deck
could have more pizzazz.. Let's pick one of the slides
and use the poem on there.. 
helo"Mom loves her pizza,
cheesy and true,. while dad's favorite treat
is a warm pot of fondue.". Let's hit Create and see
what it comes up with.. Behind the scenes, that quote
is sent as an input to our text. to image models.. And we know it's unlikely
that the user will. be happy with just one option,
so we generate about six. to eight images so that
you have the ability. to choose and refine.. Whoa, I have some oddly
delicious-looking fondue pizza. images.. Now, this style is a
little too cartoony for me.. So I'm going to ask
it to try again.. Let's change the
style to photography. and give it a whirl.. Just as weird, but
it works for me.. You can have endless
fun with this,. with no limits on
cheesiness or creativity.. Starting next month,
trusted testers. will be able to try this and
six more generative AI features. across Workspace.. And later this year,
all of this will. be generally available
to business and consumer. Workspace users via
a new service called. Duet AI for Workspace... 
heloStepping back a bit, I showed
you a few powerful examples. of how Workspace can help
you get more done with just. a few words as prompts.. Prompts are a powerful way
of collaborating with AI.. The right prompt can unlock
far more from these models.. However, it can be
daunting for many of us. to even know where to start.. Well, what if we could
solve that for you?. What if AI could proactively
offer you prompts?. Even better, what if these
prompts were actually. contextual and changed based
on what you are working on?. I am super excited to show
you a preview of just that.. This is how we see the
future of collaboration. with AI coming to life.. Let's switch to a live
demo so I can show you. what I mean Tony's here
to help me with that.. Hey, Tony.. TONY: Hey, Aparna.. APARNA PAPPU: So--. [APPLAUSE]. My niece Mira and I are
working on a spooky story. together for summer camp.. We've already written
a few paragraphs.. But now, we're stuck.. Let's get some help.. As you can see, we launch a
side panel, something the team.. 
heloSidekick instantly reads
and processes the document. and offers some really
neat suggestions,. along with an open
prompt dialog.. If we look closely, we can
see some of the suggestions,. like what happened to
the golden seashell?. What are common
mystery plot twists?. Let's try the seashell
option and see. what it comes back with.. Now, what's happening
behind the scenes. is that we've provided
the entire document. as context to the model, along
with the suggested prompt.. And let's see what we got back.. The golden seashell was
eaten by a giant squid. that lives in the cove.. This is a good start.. Let's insert these
notes so that we can. continue our little project.. Now, one of the interesting
observations we have. is that it's actually easier
to react to something,. or perhaps use that
to say, hmm, I want. to go in a different direction.. And this is exactly
what AI can help with.. I see a new suggestion on
there for generating images.. Let's see what this does.. The story has a village,
a golden seashell,.. 
heloAnd instead of having
to type all of that out,. the model picks up these
details from the document. and generates images.. These are some cool
pictures, and I. bet my niece will love these.. Let's insert them
into the dock for fun.. Thank you, Tony.. [APPLAUSE]. I'm going to walk you
through some more examples,. and this will help you see why
this powerful new contextual. collaboration is such
a remarkable boost. to productivity and creativity.. Say you're writing
to your neighbors. about an upcoming potluck.. Now, as you can see,
Sidekick has summarized what. this conversation is about.. Last year, everyone
brought hummus.. Who doesn't love hummus?. But this year, you want
a little more variety.. Let's see what people
signed up to bring.. Well, somewhere in this thread
is a Google Sheet where you've. collected that information.. You can get some help
by typing, "write. a note about the main
dishes people are bringing.". And let's see what we get back.. Let's go.. Awesome.. It found the right Sheet and
cited the source in the Found.. 
helothat this is not made up.. It looks good.. You can insert it
directly into your email.. Let's end with an example of
how this can help you at work.. Say you're about to give
an important presentation,. and you've been so
focused on the content. that you forgot to
prepare speaker notes.. The presentation is in an hour.. Uh-oh.. No need to panic.. Look at what one of
the suggestions is.. Create speaker notes
for each slide.. Let's see what happened.. [APPLAUSE]. What happened behind
the scenes here. is that the presentation
and other relevant context. was sent to the model to
help create these notes.. And once you've
reviewed them, you. can hit Insert
and edit the notes. to convey what you intended.. So you can now deliver
the presentation. without worrying
about the notes.. As you can see,
we've been having. a ton of fun playing with this.. We can see the true potential
of AI as a collaborator.. And we'll be bringing
this experience. to Duet AI for Workspace.. With that, I'll hand
it back to Sundar... 
helo[APPLAUSE]. SUNDAR PICHAI: Thanks, Aparna.. It's exciting to see
all the innovation. coming to Google Workspace.. As AI continues to
improve rapidly,. we have focused on giving
helpful features to our users.. And starting today, we
are giving you a new way. to preview some
of the experiences. across Workspace
and other products.. It's called Labs.. I say "new," but Google has a
long history of bringing Labs,. and we've made it available
throughout our history as well.. You can check it out
at google.com/labs.. Next up, we're going
to talk about Search.. Search has been our founding
product from our earliest days,. and we always approached
it placing user trust. above everything else.. To give you a sense
of how we are bringing. generative AI in
Search, I'm going. to invite Cathy onto the stage.. Cathy?. [APPLAUSE]. [MUSIC PLAYING]. CATHY EDWARDS: Thanks, Sundar.. I've been working in
Search for many years.. And what inspires me so
much is how it continues. to be an unsolved problem.. And that's why I'm just so
excited by the potential.. 
heloLet's give it a whirl.. So let's start with
a search for "what's. better for a family
with kids under three. and a dog, Bryce
Canyon or Arches?". Now, although this is the
question that you have,. you probably wouldn't
ask it in this way today.. You'd break it down
into smaller ones,. sift through the information,
and then piece things. together yourself.. Now, Search does the
heavy lifting for you.. What you see here
looks pretty different.. So let me first give
you a quick tour.. You'll notice the new,
integrated search results page. so you can get even more
out of a single search.. There's an AI-powered snapshot
that quickly gives you. the lay of the land on a topic.. And so here you can see
that while both parks are. kid-friendly, only
Bryce Canyon has more. options for your furry friend.. Then if you want to
dig deeper, there. are links included
in the snapshot.. You can also click
to expand your view.. And you'll see how the
information is corroborated. so you can check
out more details.. 
heloThis new experience builds on
Google's ranking and safety. systems that we've been
fine-tuning for decades.. And Search will continue to be
your jumping-off point to what. makes the web so special,
its diverse range of content,. from publishers to
creatives, businesses,. and even people like you and me.. So you can check
out recommendations. from experts, like the
National Park Service,. and learn from authentic,
firsthand experiences,. like the Mom Trotter Blog,
because even in a world where. AI can provide insights, we know
that people will always value. the input of other people.. And a thriving web
is essential to that.. These new generative AI--. thank you.. [APPLAUSE]. These new generative
AI capabilities. will make such smarter
and searching simpler.. And as you've seen, this is
really especially helpful. when you need to make
sense of something complex,. with multiple angles to explore.. You know, those times when even
your question has questions.. So for example, let's
say you're searching.. 
heloThis can be a big purchase, so
you want to do your research.. In the AI-powered
snapshot, you'll. see important considerations
like motor and battery. for taking on those
hills and suspension. for a comfortable ride.. Right below that,
you'll see products. that fit the bill,
each with images,. reviews, helpful descriptions,
and current pricing.. This is built on
Google's Shopping graph,. the world's most
comprehensive data. set of constantly changing
products, sellers, brands,. reviews, and
inventory out there,. with over 35 billion listings.. In fact, there are 1.8 billion
live updates to our Shopping. graph every hour.. So you can shop with confidence
in this new experience,. knowing that you'll get
fresh, relevant results.. And for commercial
queries like this,. we also know that
ads can be especially. helpful to connect people
with useful information. and help businesses
get discovered online.. They're here, clearly labeled.. And we're exploring
different ways. to integrate them as we roll
out new experiences in Search... 
heloyou might want to explore more.. So right under the
snapshot, you'll. see the option to ask
a follow-up question. or select a suggested next step.. Tapping any of these
options will bring you. into our brand-new
conversational mode.. [APPLAUSE]. In this case, maybe you want to
ask a follow-up about e-bikes,. so you look for one in
your favorite color--. red.. And without having to
go back to square one,. Google Search understands
your full intent. and that you're
looking specifically. for e-bikes in red that would
be good for a five-mile commute. with hills.. And even when you're in
this conversational mode,. it's an integrated experience.. So you can simply scroll to
see other search results.. Now, maybe this e-bike seems to
be a good fit for your commute.. With just a click,
you're able to see. a variety of retailers
that have it in stock,. and some that offer free
delivery or returns.. You'll also see current
prices, including deals,. and can seamlessly go
to a merchant site,. check out, and
turn your attention.. 
helogetting ready to ride.. These new generative
AI capabilities. also unlock a whole new category
of experiences on Search.. It could help you create a
clever name for your cycling. club, craft the perfect
social post to show off. your new wheels, or even test
your knowledge on bicycle hand. signals.. These are things you
may never have thought. to ask Search for before.. Shopping is just one example
of where this can be helpful.. Let's walk through another
one in a live demo.. What do you say?. [APPLAUSE]. Yeah.. So special shout-out to my
three-year-old daughter,. who is obsessed with whales.. I wanted to teach
her about whale song.. So let me go to the
Google app and ask,. why do whales like to sing?. And so here, I see a snapshot
that organizes the web results. and gets me to key things I
want to know so I can understand. quickly that, oh, they sing
for a lot of different reasons,. like to communicate with other
whales, but also to find food.. And I can click See More
to expand here as well... 
heloin front of thousands
of people, I'd. be checking out some of
these web results right now.. They look pretty good.. Now, I'm thinking
she'd get a kick out. of seeing one up close.. So let me ask, can I see
whales in California?. And so the LLMs right now
are working behind the scenes. to generate my
snapshot, distilling. insights and perspectives
from across the web.. It looks like, in
northern California,. I can see humpbacks
around this time of year.. That's cool.. I'll have to plan to
take her on a trip soon.. And again, I can see
some really great results. from across the web.. And if I want to
refer to the results. of my previous question, I
can just scroll right up.. Now, she's got a
birthday coming up,. so I can follow up with "plush
ones for kids under $40.". Again, the LLMs are organizing
this information for me.. And this process will
get faster over time.. These seem like
some great options.. I think she'll really
like the second one.. She's into orcas as well.. Phew.. Live demos are always
a little nerve-racking... 
helo[APPLAUSE]. What you've seen today
is just a first look. at how we're experimenting
with generative AI in Search.. And we're excited to keep
improving with your feedback. through our Search Labs program.. This new Search generative
experience, also known as SGE,. will be available in Labs, along
with some other experiments.. And they'll be rolling
out in the coming weeks.. If you're in the US, you
can join the waitlist today. by tapping the Labs icon in the
latest version of the Google. app or Chrome desktop.. This new experience really
reflects the beginning. of a new chapter.. And you can think of
this evolution as Search,. supercharged.. Search has been at the core
of our timeless mission. for 25 years.. And as we build for
the future, we're. so excited for you to
turn to Google for things. you never dreamed it could.. Here's an early look at what's
to come for AI in Search.. [VIDEO PLAYBACK]. [YUNG CXREAL & BABY
FRANKIE, "LIKE WHOA"]. - Yes, yes, yes.. - You got this.. Let's go.. - Is a hot dog sandwich?.. 
helo- Yes.. - No.. - Yes!
- No!. [END PLAYBACK]. [APPLAUSE]. SUNDAR PICHAI: Is a
hot dog a sandwich?. I think it's more like a
taco because the bread goes. around it.. Comes from the expert
viewpoint of a vegetarian.. Thanks, Cathy.. It's so exciting
to see how we are. evolving Search,
and look forward. to building it with you all.. So far today, we
have shared how AI. can help unlock creativity,
productivity, and knowledge.. As you can see, AI is not
only a powerful enabler.. It's also a big platform shift.. Every business and
organization is. thinking about how to
drive transformation.. That's why we are focused on
making it easy and scalable. for others to innovate with AI.. That means providing the
most advanced computing. infrastructure, including
state-of-the-art TPUs and GPUs,. and expanding access to Google's
latest foundation models that. have been rigorously
tested in our own products.. We are also working to
provide world-class tooling. so customers can train,
fine-tune, and run.. 
helosecurity, and privacy.. To tell you more about how
we are doing this with Google. Cloud, please welcome Thomas.. [MUSIC PLAYING]. [APPLAUSE]. THOMAS KURIAN: All
of the investments. you've heard about today are
also coming to businesses.. So whether you're an
individual developer. or a full-scale enterprise,
Google is using the power of AI. to transform the way you work.. There are already
thousands of companies. using our generative AI platform
to create amazing content,. to synthesize and
organize information,. to automate processes, and
to build incredible customer. experiences.. And yes, each and every
one of you can too.. There are three
ways Google Cloud. can help you take advantage
of the massive opportunity. in front of you.. First, you can build
generative applications. using our AI platform Vertex AI.. With Vertex, you can
access foundation models. for chat, text, and image.. You just select the
model you want to use,. create prompts to
tune the model,. and you can even fine-tune
the model's weights.. 
heloTo help you retrieve fresh
and factual information. from your company's databases,
your corporate intranet,. your website, and
enterprise applications,. we offer Enterprise Search.. Our AI platform is so
compelling for businesses. because it guarantees
the privacy of your data.. With both Vertex and
Enterprise Search,. you have sole
control of your data. and the costs of using
generative AI models.. In other words, your data is
your data and no one else's.. You can also choose the best
model for your specific needs. across many sizes that have
been optimized for cost,. latency, and quality.. Many leading companies are using
our alternative AI technologies. to build super
cool applications,. and we've all been blown
away by what they're doing.. Let's hear from a few of them.. [VIDEO PLAYBACK]. [MUSIC PLAYING]. - The unique thing
about Google Cloud. is the expansive offering.. - The Google
partnership has taught. us to lean in, to iterate,
to test and learn, and have. the courage to fail
fast where we need to... 
heloAnd so there's a lot
for us to learn directly. from the engineering team.. - Now, with generative AI,
we can have much smarter. conversations with
our customers.. - We have been really enjoying
taking the latest and greatest. technology and making
that accessible. to our entire community.. - Getting early
access to Vertex APIs. opens a lot of
doors for us to be. more efficient and productive
in the way we create experiences. for our customers.. - The act of making software
is really suddenly opened up. to everyone.. Now, you can talk to the AI
on the Replit app and tell it,. make me a workout program.. And with one click, we can
deploy it to a Google Cloud VM,. and you have an app that you
just talked into existence.. - We have an extraordinarily
exciting feature. in the pipeline.. It's called Magic Video, and it
enables you to take your videos. and images, and with
just a couple of clicks,. turn that into a cohesive story.. It is powered by
Google's PaLM technology,. and it truly empowers
everyone to be.. 
helo- Folks come to a Wendy's,
and a lot of times,. they use some of our acronyms.. The junior bacon
cheeseburger, they'll. come in and-- give me a JBC.. We need to understand
what that really means.. And we say, I can help make
sure that order is accurate. every single time.. - Generative AI
can be incorporated. in all the business processes
Deutsche Bank is running.. - The partnership with
Google has inspired us. to leverage technology to truly
transform the whole restaurant. experience.. - There is no limitations.. - There's no other
way to describe it.. We're just living in the future.. [END PLAYBACK]. [APPLAUSE]. We're also doing this with
partners, like character.ai.. We provide Character
with the world's. most performant and
cost-efficient infrastructure. for training and
serving the models.. By combining its
own AI capabilities. with those of Google
Cloud, consumers. can create their own deeply
personalized characters. and interact with them.. We're also partnering
with Salesforce.. 
helowith their data Cloud in
Einstein, their AI-infused CRM. Assistant.. In fact, we're working with
many other incredible partners,. including consultancies,
software-as-a-service leaders,. consumer internet companies, and
many more to build remarkable. experiences with
our AI technologies.. In addition to PaLM 2,
we're excited to introduce. three new models in Vertex,
including Imagen, which powers. image generation, editing,
and customization from text. inputs, Codey for code
completion and generation,. which you can train
on your own code base. to help you build
applications faster,. and Chirp, our universal
speech model which. brings speech-to-text accuracy
for over 300 languages.. We're also introducing
reinforcement. learning from human
feedback into Vertex AI.. You can fine-tune
pre-trained models. by incorporating human
feedback to further improve. the model's results.. You can also fine-tune
a model on domain-. or industry-specific data, as we
have what Sec-PaLM and Med-PaLM. so they become
even more powerful... 
heloand I encourage each and
every one of you to try them.. [APPLAUSE]. The second way we're
helping you take advantage. of this opportunity
is by introducing. Duet AI for Google Cloud.. Earlier, Aparna told you about
Duet AI for Google Workspace. and how it is an
always-on AI collaborator. to help people get things done.. Well, the same thing
is true with Duet AI. for Google Cloud, which
serves as an AI expert pair. programmer.. Duet uses generative AI to
provide developers assistance,. wherever you need it, within
the IDE, the Cloud Console,. or directly within chat.. It can provide you
contextual code completion,. offer suggestions tuned
to your code base,. and generate entire
functions in real time.. It can even assist you with code
reviews and code inspection.. Hen will show you more
in the developer keynote.. The third way we're helping
you seize this moment. is by building all
of these capabilities. on our AI-optimized
infrastructure.. This infrastructure makes
large-scale training workloads.. 
helocompared to any
alternatives out there.. Look-- when you nearly
double performance--. [APPLAUSE]. When you nearly
double performance. for less than half the
cost, amazing things happen.. Today, we're excited to
announce a new addition. to this infrastructure family,
the A3 Virtual Machines,. based on Nvidia's
latest H100 GPUs.. We provide the widest
choice of compute options. for leading AI companies,
like Entropik and Midjourney,. to build their future
on Google Cloud.. And yes, there's so
much more to come.. Next, Josh is here to
show you exactly how. we're making it
easy and scalable. for every developer to
innovate with AI and PaLM 2.. [MUSIC PLAYING]. [APPLAUSE]. JOSH WOODWARD: Thanks, Thomas.. Our work is enabling
businesses, and it's also. empowering developers.. PaLM 2, our most
capable language model. that Sundar talked about,
powers the PaLM API.. Since March, we've been running
a private preview with our PaLM. API, and it's been amazing to
see how quickly developers have. used it in their applications... 
heloyou can choose
your own adventure,. forever changing story time.. Or Game On Technology,
a company that. makes chat apps for sports
fans and retail brands. to connect with their audiences.. And there's also Wendy's.. They're using the PaLM
API to help customers. place that correct order
for the junior bacon. cheeseburger they talked about
in their Talk to Menu feature.. But I'm most excited
about the response. we've gotten from the
developer tools community.. Developers want choice when
it comes to language models,. and we're working with leading
developer tools companies,. like LangChain, Chroma, and many
more to support the PaLM API.. We've also integrated it
into Google Developer tools. like Firebase and Colab.. [APPLAUSE]. You can hear a lot more about
the PaLM API in the developer. keynote and sign up today.. Now, to show you just how
powerful the PaLM API is,. I want to share one concept
that five engineers at Google. put together over
the last few weeks.. The idea is called
Project Tailwind,.. 
helothat helps you learn faster.. Like a real notebook, your
notes and your sources power. Tailwind.. How it works is you can simply
pick the files from Google. Drive and it effectively creates
a personalized and private AI. model that has expertise in the
information that you give it.. We've been developing
this idea with authors,. like Stephen Johnson, and
testing it at universities,. like Arizona State and the
University of Oklahoma,. where I went to school.. You want to see how it works?. [APPLAUSE]. Let's do a live demo.. Now, imagine I'm a student
taking a computer science. history class.. I'll open up Tailwind,
and I can quickly. see, in Google Drive, all my
different notes and assignments. and readings.. I can insert them.. And what will happen when
Tailwind loads up is you. can see my different notes
and articles on the side.. Here they are, in the middle.. And it instantly
creates a study guide. on the right to
give me bearings.. You can see it's pulling out key
concepts and questions grounded.. 
heloNow, I can come over
here and quickly. change it to go across all
the different sources and type. something like "create
glossary for Hopper.". And what's going to
happen behind the scenes. is it'll automatically
compile a glossary associated. with all the different
notes and articles. relating to Grace Hopper,
the computer science history. pioneer.. Look at this-- FLOW-MATIC,
COBOL, compiler,. all created based on my notes.. Now, let's try one more.. I'm going to try something else
called "different viewpoints. on Dynabook.". So the Dynabook, this was
a concept from Alan Kay.. Again, Tailwind
going out, finding. all the different things.. You can see how
quick it comes back.. There it is.. And what's interesting
here is it's helping. me think through the concept.. So it's giving me
different viewpoints.. It was a visionary product.. It was a missed opportunity.. But my favorite part
is it shows its work.. You can see the citations here.. When I hover over, here's
something from my class notes... 
heloIt's all right here,
grounded in my sources.. [APPLAUSE]. Now, project Tailwind is
still in its early days,. but we've had so much fun
making this prototype,. and we realized, it's
not just for students.. It's helpful for anyone
synthesizing information. from many different sources
that you choose, like. writers researching an
article, or analysts. going through earnings
calls, or even lawyers. preparing for a case.. Imagine collaborating
with an AI that's. grounded in what you've
read in all of your notes.. We want to make it
available to try it out. if you want to see it.. [APPLAUSE]. There's a lot more
can do with PaLM 2.. And we can't wait to see what
you build using the PaLM API.. Generative AI is
changing what it. means to develop new products.. At Google, we offer the
best ML infrastructure,. with powerful models,
including those in Vertex,. and the APIs and tools
to quickly generate. your own applications.. Building bold AI requires
a responsible approach.. So let me hand it over
to James to share more... 
helo[MUSIC PLAYING]. [APPLAUSE]. JAMES MANYIKA: Hi, everyone.. I'm James.. In addition to research, I
lead a new area at Google. called technology and society.. Growing up in
Zimbabwe, I could not. have imagined all the amazing
and groundbreaking innovations. that have been presented
on this stage today.. And while I feel it's
important to celebrate. the incredible progress in
AI and the immense potential. that it has for
people in society. everywhere, we must
also acknowledge. that it's an emerging technology
that is still being developed,. and there's still
so much more to do.. Earlier, you heard Sundar
say that our approach to AI. must be both bold
and responsible.. While there's a natural
tension between the two,. we believe it's
not only possible,. but in fact critical to embrace
that tension productively.. The only way to be truly
bold in the long term. is to be responsible
from the start.. Our field-defining research
is helping scientists. make bold advances in
many scientific fields,.. 
heloTake, for example, Google
DeepMind's AlphaFold,. which can accurately
predict the 3D. shapes of 200 million proteins.. That's nearly all the catalog
proteins known to science.. AlphaFold gave us the equivalent
of nearly 400 million years. of progress in just weeks.. [APPLAUSE]. So far, more than one million
researchers around the world. have used AlphaFold's
predictions,. including Fang Zheng's
pioneering lab at the Broad. Institute of MIT and Harvard.. [APPLAUSE]. Yeah.. In fact, in March this year,
Zheng and his colleagues at MIT. announced that
they'd used AlphaFold. to develop a novel molecular
syringe which could deliver. drugs to help improve the
effectiveness of treatments. for diseases like cancer.. [APPLAUSE]. And while it's
exhilarating to see. such bold and beneficial
breakthroughs,. AI also has the potential
to worsen existing societal. challenges, like unfair bias,
as well as pose new challenges. as it becomes more advanced
and new users emerge.. That's why we believe
it's imperative to take.. 
heloThis work centers
around our AI principles. that we first
established in 2018.. These principles guide
product development,. and they help us assess
every AI application.. They prompt questions like,
will it be socially beneficial,. or could it lead
to harm in any way?. One area that is top of mind
for us is misinformation.. Generative AI makes
it easier than ever. to create new
content, but it also. raises additional questions
about its trustworthiness.. That's why we're developing
and providing people with tools. to evaluate online information.. For example, have you come
across a photo on a website,. or one shared by a friend,
with very little context,. like this one of
the moon landing,. and found yourself
wondering, is this reliable?. I have, and I'm sure
many of you have as well.. In the coming months, we're
adding two new ways for people. to evaluate images.. First, with our About this
Image tool in Google Search,. you'll be able to see important
information, such as when. and where similar images
may have first appeared,.. 
heloincluding news, fact
checking, and social sites,. all this providing you
with helpful context. to determine if it's reliable.. Later this year, you'll
also be able to use it. if you search for an image or
screenshot using Google Lens. or when you're on
websites in Chrome.. As we begin to roll out the
generative image capabilities,. like Sundar mentioned,
we will ensure. that every one of our
AI-generated images. has metadata and markup
in the original file. to give you context
if you come across it. outside of our platforms.. Not only that--
creators and publishers. will be able to add
similar metadata,. so we'll be able to
see a label in images. in Google Search marking
them as AI-generated.. [APPLAUSE]. As we apply our AI
principles, we also. start to see potential
tensions when it comes. to being bold and responsible.. Here's an example.. Universal Translator is an
experimental video dubbing. service that helps experts
translate a speaker's voice. while also matching
their lip movements... 
helocourse created in partnership
with Arizona State University.. What many college
students don't realize. is that knowing
when to ask for help. and then following through
on using helpful resources. is actually a hallmark of
becoming a productive adult.. [SPEAKING SPANISH]. [APPLAUSE]. Yeah, it's cool.. We use next-generation
translation models. to translate what the
speaker is saying,. models to replicate
the style and the tone,. and then match the
speaker's lip movements.. Then we bring it all together.. This is an enormous step forward
for learning comprehension.. And we are seeing promising
results of course completion. rates.. But there's an
inherent tension here.. You can see how this can
be incredibly beneficial,. but some of the same
underlying technology. could be misused by bad
actors to create deep fakes.. So we built this
service with guardrails. to help prevent misuse and
to make it accessible only. to authorized partners.. [APPLAUSE]. And as Sundar
mentioned, soon, we'll. be integrating new innovations
in watermarking into our latest.. 
heloof misinformation.. Our AI principles also help
guide us on what not to do.. For instance, years ago, we
were the first major company. to decide not to make a
general-purpose facial. recognition API
commercially available.. We felt there weren't
adequate safeguards in place.. Another way we live up
to our AI principles. is with innovations
to tackle challenges. as they emerge, like reducing
the risk of problematic outputs. that may be generated
by our models.. We are one of the first in the
industry to develop and launch. automated adversarial
testing using large language. model technology.. We do this for queries like
this to help uncover and reduce. inaccurate outputs, like
the one on the left,. and make them better,
like the one on the right.. We're doing this at a scale
that's never been done before. at Google, significantly
improving the speed, quality,. and coverage of
testing, allowing. safety experts to focus on
the most difficult cases.. And we're sharing these
innovations with others... 
heloto help publishers
mitigate toxicity,. is now being used in
large language models.. Academic researchers have
used our perspective API. to create an industry
evaluation standard.. And today, all significant
large language models,. including those from
OpenAI and Entropik,. incorporate this standard
to evaluate toxicity. generated by their own models.. Building AI-- building--. sorry.. [APPLAUSE]. Building AI responsibly must be
a collective effort involving. researchers, social scientists,
industry experts, governments,. and everyday people, as well
as creators and publishers.. Everyone benefits from a
vibrant content ecosystem, today. and in the future.. That's why we're
getting feedback. and we'll be working with
the web community on ways. to give publishers choice and
control over their web content.. It's such an exciting time.. There's so much we're
going to accomplish. and so much we must
get right together.. We look forward to
working with all of you.. And now, I'll hand
it off to Sameer,.. 
helobringing to Android.. Thank you.. [APPLAUSE]. SAMEER SAMAT: Hi, everyone.. It's great to be back at Google
I/O. As you've heard today,. our bold and responsible
approach to AI. can unlock people's
creativity and potential.. But how can all this
helpfulness reach. as many people as possible?. At Google, our computing
platforms and hardware products. have been integral
to that mission.. From the beginning
of Android, we. believed that an open OS
would enable a whole ecosystem. and bring smartphones
to everyone.. And as we all add more devices
to our lives, like tablets,. TVs, cars, and
more, this openness. creates the freedom to
choose the devices that. work best for you.. With more than 3
billion Android devices,. we've now seen the benefits of
using AI to improve experiences. at scale.. For example, this
past year, Android. used AI models to protect
users for more than 100. billion suspected spam
messages and calls.. [APPLAUSE]. We can all agree
that's pretty useful.. There are so many
opportunities where.. 
heloToday, we'll talk
about two big ways. Android is bringing that benefit
of computing to everyone.. First, continuing to connect you
to the most complete ecosystem. of devices, where everything
works better together.. And second, using AI
to make the things you. love about Android even better,
starting with customization. and expression.. Let's begin by talking about
Android's ecosystem of devices,. starting with two of
the most important--. tablets and watches.. Over the last two years, we've
redesigned the experience. on large screens, including
tablets and foldables.. We introduced a new
system for multitasking. that makes it so much
easier to take advantage. of all that extra screen real
estate and seamlessly move. between apps.. We've made huge investments to
optimize more than 50 Google. Apps, including Gmail,
Photos, and Meet.. And we're working
closely with partners,. such as Minecraft,
Spotify, and Disney. Plus to build beautiful
experiences that feel intuitive. on larger screens... 
heloand there are more great
devices to pick from than ever.. Stay tuned for our
hardware announcements,. where you just might see some
of the awesome new features. we're building for
tablets in action.. It's really exciting
to see the--. [APPLAUSE]. It's really exciting to see
the momentum in smart watches. as well.. Wear OS is now the fastest
growing watch platform,. just two years after launching
Wear OS 3 with Samsung.. A top ask from fans has been
four more native messaging. apps on the watch.. I'm excited to
share that WhatsApp. is bringing their first-ever
watch app to Wear this summer.. I'm really enjoying using
WhatsApp on my wrist.. I can start a new conversation,
reply to messages by voice,. and even take calls.. I can't wait for you to try it.. Our partnership on Wear OS
with Samsung has been amazing,. and I'm excited
about our new Android. collaboration on immersive XR.. We'll share more
later this year.. Now, we all know that to
get the best experience,. all these devices need to
work seamlessly together... 
heloThat's why we built
Fast Pair, which. lets you easily connect
more than 300 headphones,. and while we have Nearby
Share to easily move. files between your phone,
tablet, or Windows and Chrome. OS computer, and cast
to make streaming video. and audio to your
devices ultra simple,. with support from
over 3,000 apps.. It's great to have all
your devices connected.. But if you're
anything like me, it. can be hard to keep
track of all this stuff.. Just ask my family.. I misplace my earbuds at
least three times a day,. which is why we're launching
a major update to our Find My. Device experience to support
a wide range of devices. in your life, including
headphones, tablets, and more.. It's powered by a network of
billions of Android devices. around the world.. So if you leave your
earbuds at the gym,. other nearby Android devices
can help you locate them.. And for other important
things in your life,. like your bicycle or suitcase,
Tile, Chipolo, and others. will have tracker tags
that work with the.. 
helo[APPLAUSE]. Now, we took some time
to really get this right,. because protecting your
privacy and safety is vital.. From the start, we
designed the network. in a privacy-preserving way,
where location information. is encrypted.. No one else can tell where
your devices are located,. not even Google.. This is also why we're
introducing unknown tracker. alerts.. Your phone will tell you
if an unrecognized tracking. tag is moving with you
and help you locate it.. [APPLAUSE]. It's important these warnings
work on your Android phone,. but on other types
of phones as well.. That's why, last week, we
published a new industry. standard with Apple, outlining
how unknown tracker alerts will. work across all smartphones.. [APPLAUSE]. Both the new Find My Device
experience and unknown tracker. alerts are coming
later this summer.. Now, we've talked a lot
about connecting devices,. but Android is also
about connecting people.. After all, phones
were created for us. to communicate with
our friends and family... 
heloyou shouldn't have to worry
about whether everyone is. using the same type of phone.. Sending high-quality--. [APPLAUSE]. Sending high-quality
images and video,. getting typing notifications,
and end-to-end encryption. should all just work.. That's why we've worked with our
partners on upgrading old SMS. and MMS technology
to a modern standard. called RCS that makes
all of this possible.. And there are now over 800
million people with RCS,. on our way to over a billion
by the end of the year.. We hope every mobile operating
system gets the message. and adopts RCS--. [APPLAUSE]. --so we can all hang out
in the group chat together,. no matter what
device we're using.. Whether it's connecting
with your loved ones. or connecting all
of your devices,. Android's complete
ecosystem makes it easy.. Another thing people
love about Android. is the ability to
customize their devices. and express themselves.. Here's Dave to
tell you how we're. taking this to the next
level with generative AI.. [MUSIC PLAYING].. 
heloDAVE BURKE: All right.. Thanks, Sameer, and
hello, everyone.. So here's the thing.. People want to
express themselves. in the products
they use every day,. from the clothes they
wear to the car they drive. to their surroundings at home.. We believe the same should
be true for your technology.. Your phone should feel like
it was made just for you.. And that's why
customization has always. been at the core of
the Android experience.. This year, we're combining
Android's guided customization. with Google's advances
in generative AI. so your phone can feel
even more personal.. So let me show you
what this looks like.. To start, messages
and conversations. can be so much more
expressive, fun. and, playful with Magic Compose.. It's a new feature coming
to Google messages powered. by generative AI
that helps you add. that extra spark of personality
to your conversation.. So just type your
message like you. normally would, and then
choose how you want to sound.. Magic Compose will do the
rest so your messages give.. 
heloor if you want, in the style
of a certain playwright.. To try or not to try this
feature-- that is the question.. Now, we also have
new personalizations. coming to the OS layer.. At Google I/O two years ago,
we introduced Material You.. It's a design system that
combines user inspiration. with dynamic color science for
a fully personalized experience.. We're continuing to expand
on this in Android 14,. with all-new customization
options coming. to your lockscreen.. So now, I can add my
own personalized style. to the lockscreen clock so
it looks just the way I want.. And what's more, with the
new customizable lockscreen. shortcuts, I can instantly
jump into my most. frequent activities.. Of course, what really makes
your lock screen and home. screen yours is the wallpaper.. And it's the first
thing that many of us. set when we get a new phone.. Now, emojis are such
a fun and simple way. of expressing yourself.. So we thought, wouldn't
it be cool to bring them. to your wallpaper?. So with emoji
wallpapers, you choose.. 
helopick the perfect pattern, and
then find just the right color. to bring them all together.. So let's take a look.. And I'm not going
to use the laptops.. I'm going to use a phone.. So let's see.. I'm going to go into
the wallpaper picker. and I'm going to tap on
the new option for emojis.. And I'm feeling it a
kind of, I don't know,. zany mood with all you
people looking at me.. So I'm going to pick
this guy and this guy.. And let's see, who
else is in here?. This one looks pretty cool,
like, the eight-bit one.. And obviously that one.. And somebody said there was
a duck on stage earlier.. So let's go find a duck.. Hello, duck.. Where is the duck?. Can anyone see a duck?. Where has the duck gone?. There is the duck.. All right, there he is.. I got some ducks.. OK, cool.. And then pattern-wise, we've got
a bunch of different patterns. you can pick.. I'm going to pick mosaic.. That's my favorite.. I'm going to play with the zoom.. Let's see.. We'll get this just right.. OK, I've got enough
ducks in there... 
heloAnd then colors.. Let's see.. Ooh, that pops.. Let's go with a more muted one.. Or maybe that one.. That one looks good.. That looks good.
I like that one.. All right, select that, set the
wallpaper, and then I go boom.. Looks pretty cool, huh?. [APPLAUSE]. And the little emojis, they
react when you tap them,. which I find--. [LAUGHTER]. I find this
unusually satisfying.. And how much time have I got?. OK, I'll move on.. OK, so of course,
many of us like. to use a favorite photo
for our wallpaper.. And so with a new cinematic
wallpaper feature,. you can create a stunning 3D
image from any regular photo. and then use it
as your wallpaper.. So let's take a look.. So this time, I'm going
to go into My Photos.. And I really like this
photo of my daughter, so. let me select that.. And you'll notice there's
a Sparkle icon at the top.. So if I tap that, I get a new
option for cinematic wallpaper.. So let me activate that.. And then wait for it--. boom.. Now, under the hood, we're
using an on-device convolutional.. 
heloa generative adversarial
network for in-painting. as the background moves.. The result is a beautiful,
cinematic 3D photo.. So then let me
set the wallpaper,. and then I'm going
to return home.. And check out the parallax
effect as I tilt the device.. It literally jumps
off the screen.. So both cinematic wallpapers
and emoji wallpapers. are coming first to
Pixel devices next month.. So let's say you don't have the
perfect wallpaper photo handy,. or you just want to have fun
and create something new.. With our new generative
AI wallpapers,. you choose what
inspires you and then. we create a beautiful
wallpaper to fit your vision.. So let's take a look.. So this time, I'm
going to go and select. Create a Wallpaper with AI.. And I like classic art,
so let me tap that.. Now, you'll notice,
at the bottom,. we use structured prompts
to make it easier to create.. So for example, I can pick--. what am I going to do?. City by the bay in a post
impressionist style cool Then. I type--. tap Create Wallpaper... 
heloNow, behind the
scenes, we're using. Google's text-to-image diffusion
models to generate completely. new and original wallpapers.. And I can swipe through and
see all the different options. that it's created.. And some of these look
really cool, right?. [APPLAUSE]. So let me pick this one.. I like this one.. So select that,
set the wallpaper,. and then return home.. Cool.. So now, out of the billions of
Android phones in the world,. no other phone will
be quite like mine.. And thanks to Material You, you
can see that the system's color. palette is automatically
adapted to match. the wallpaper I created.. Generative AI wallpapers
will be coming this fall.. [APPLAUSE]. So from a thriving
ecosystem of devices. to AI-powered expression,
there is so much. going on right now in Android.. OK, Rick is up next to show you
how this Android innovation is. coming to life in the
Pixel family of devices.. Thank you.. [MUSIC PLAYING]. [APPLAUSE]. RICK OSTERLOH: The pace of AI
innovation over the past year.. 
heloAs you heard Sundar
talk about earlier,. new advances are
transforming everything,. from creativity and productivity
to knowledge and learning.. Now, let's talk about
what that innovation means. for Pixel, which
has been leading. the way in AI-driven hardware
experiences for years.. Now, from the
beginning, Pixel was. conceived as an AI-first
mobile computer,. bringing together all
the amazing breakthroughs. across the company and putting
them into a Google device. you can hold in your hand.. Other phones have AI features,
but Pixel is the only phone. with AI at the center.. And I mean that literally.. The Google Tensor
G2 chip is custom. designed to put Google's
leading-edge AI research. to work in our Pixel devices.. By combining Tensor's
on-device intelligence. with Google's AI
in the cloud, Pixel. delivers truly personal AI.. Your device adapts to your
own needs and preferences,. and it anticipates
how it can help you. save time and get more done.. This personal AI enables all
those helpful experiences.. 
heloavailable on any
other mobile device,. like Pixel Call Assist,
which helps you avoid long. hold times, navigate
phone tree menus,. ignore the calls you don't want,
and get better sound quality. on the calls you do want.. Personally, I also enable
helpful Pixel Speech. experiences.. On-device machine learning
translates different languages. for you, transcribes
conversations in real time,. and understands how
you talk and type.. And you're protected with Pixel
Safe, a collection of features. that keep you safe online
and in the real world.. And of course,
there's Pixel Camera.. [APPLAUSE]. It understands faces,
expressions, and skin tones. to better depict
you and the people. you care about so your photos
will always look amazing.. We're also constantly
working to make. Pixel camera more inclusive
and more accessible,. with features like Real
Tone and Guided Frame.. [APPLAUSE]. Pixel experiences
continue to be completely. unique in mobile computing.. And that's because Pixel is
the only phone engineered.. 
heloGoogle Tensor, Android, and AI.. [APPLAUSE]. With this combination of
hardware and software,. Pixel lets you experience all
those incredible new AI-powered. features you saw
today in one place.. For example, the new
Magic Editor and Google. Photos that Sundar
showed you, it'll. be available for early access
to select Pixel phones later. this year, opening up a whole
new avenue of creativity. with your photos.. And Dave just showed you
how Android's adding depth. to how you can express yourself
with generative AI wallpapers.. And across Search,
Workspace, and Bard,. new features powered by
large language models. can Spark your imagination,
make big tasks more manageable,. and help you find better answers
to everyday questions, all. from your Pixel device.. We have so many more exciting
developments in the space,. and we can't wait to show you
more in the coming months.. Now, it's probably no
surprise that as AI. keeps getting more
and more helpful,. our Pixel portfolio keeps
growing in popularity... 
heloyet with both users
and respected reviewers. and analysts.. [APPLAUSE]. Our Pixel phones won multiple
Phone of the Year awards.. [APPLAUSE]. Yes, thank you.. And in the premium
smartphone category,. Google is the fastest
growing OEM in our markets.. [APPLAUSE]. One of our more popular
products is the Pixel a series,. which delivers incredible--. [APPLAUSE]. Thank you.. I'm glad you like it.. It delivers incredible
Pixel performance. in a very affordable device.. And to continue
the I/O tradition,. let me show you the newest
member of our a series.. [APPLAUSE]. Today, we're
completely upgrading. everything you love
about our a series. with the gorgeous new Pixel 7a.. Like all Pixel 7 series
devices, Pixel 7a. is powered by our flagship
Google Tensor G2 chip,. and it's paired with 8
gigabytes of RAM, which. ensures Pixel 7a delivers
best in class performance. and intelligence.. And you're going
to love the camera.. The 7a takes the crown from
6A as the highest-rated camera. in its class, with the
biggest upgrade ever.. 
helomain camera sensor.. [APPLAUSE]. Now, here's the best part.. Pixel 7a is available
today, starting at $499.. It's an unbeatable combination
of design, performance,. and photography, all
at a great value.. And you can check out the
entire Pixel 7a lineup. on the Google Store, including
our exclusive coral color.. Now, next up, we're
going to show you. how we're continuing to
expand the Pixel portfolio. into new form factors.. Yeah.. [APPLAUSE]. Like foldables and tablets.. You can see them right there.. It's a complete ecosystem of
AI-powered devices engineered. by Google.. Here's Rose to show you what
a larger-screen Pixel can. do for you.. [MUSIC PLAYING]. [APPLAUSE]. ROSE YAO: OK, let's
talk tablets, which have. been a little bit frustrating.. It's always hard to
know where they fit in,. and they haven't really
changed in the past 10 years.. A lot of times, they are
sitting forgotten in the drawer,. and that one moment you need
it, it is out of battery.. We believe tablets, and
large screens in general,.. 
heloSo we set out to build
something different,. making big investments across
Google Apps, Android, and Pixel. to reimagine how large
screens can deliver. a more helpful experience.. Pixel Tablet is the only
tablet engineered by Google. and designed specifically
to be helpful in your hand. and in the place they
are used the most--. the home.. We designed the Pixel
Tablet to uniquely deliver. helpful Pixel experiences.. And that starts with
great hardware--. a beautiful, 11-inch,
high-resolution display. with crisp audio from the four
built-in speakers, a premium. aluminum enclosure with
a nanoceramic coating. that feels great in the hand
and is cool to the touch.. The world's best Android
experience on a tablet. powered by Google Tensor G2
for long-lasting battery life. and cutting-edge personal AI.. For example, with Tensor G2,
we optimized the Pixel camera. specifically for video calling.. Tablets are fantastic
video calling devices,. and with Pixel Tablet, you
are always in frame, in focus,.. 
heloThe large screen makes Pixel
Tablet the best Pixel device. for editing photos, with
AI-powered tools like Magic. Eraser and Photo Unblur.. Now, typing on a tablet
can be so frustrating.. With Pixel Speech
and Tensor G2, we. have the best voice
recognition, making. voice typing nearly three
times faster than tapping.. And as Sameer mentioned, we've
been making huge investments. to create great app experiences
for larger screens, including. more than 50 of our own apps.. With Pixel Tablet, you're
getting great tablet hardware. with great tablet apps.. But we saw an opportunity
to make the tablet even more. helpful in the home.. So we engineered a
first-of-its-kind charging. speaker dock.. [APPLAUSE]. It gives the tablet
a home, and now. you never have to worry
about being charged.. Pixel Tablet is always
ready to help, 24/7.. When it's docked,
the new Hub mode. turns Pixel Tablet into a
beautiful digital photo frame,. a powerful smart
home controller,. a voice-activated helper, and
a shared entertainment device... 
helowith the ultra-fast
fingerprint sensor,. I can quickly unlock the device
and get immediate access to all. my favorite Android apps.. So I can quickly find the
recipe with Side Chef,. or discover a new
podcast on Spotify,. or find something to watch with
a tablet-optimized Google TV. app.. Your media is going
to look and sound. great, with room-filling sound
from the charging speaker dock.. Pixel Tablet is also
the ultimate way. to control your
smart home, and that. starts with a new
redesigned Google Home app.. It looks great on Pixel
Tablet, and it brings together. over 80,000 supported smart
home devices, including all. of your Matter-enabled devices.. We also--. [APPLAUSE]. We also made it really easy to
access your smart home controls. directly from Hub mode.. With the new home
panel, any family member. can quickly adjust the
lights, lock the doors,. or see if a package
was delivered.. Or if you're lazy like me,
you can just use your voice.. Now, we know that
tablets are often shared,.. 
heloPixel Tablet makes switching
between users super easy.. So you get your own apps
and your own content. while maintaining your privacy.. [APPLAUSE]. And my favorite part--. it is so easy to move
content between devices.. Pixel Tablet is the first
tablet with Chromecast built in.. So with a few taps--. [APPLAUSE]. --I can easily cast some
music or my favorite show. from my phone to the tablet.. And then I can just take
the tablet off the dock. and keep listening or
watching all around the house.. We designed a new type
of case for Pixel Tablet. that solves the pain
of flimsy tablet cases.. It has a built-in stand that
provides continuous flexibility. and is sturdy at all angles
so you can comfortably. use your tablet
anywhere-- on the plane,. in bed, or in the kitchen.. The case easily docks.. You never have to
take it off to charge.. And it's just another example
of how we can make the tablet. experience even more helpful.. [APPLAUSE]. The new Pixel Tablet
comes in three colors.. It is available for
pre-order today,.. 
helo[APPLAUSE]. And the best part--. every Pixel Tablet comes bundled
with the 129 charging speaker. dock for free.. [APPLAUSE]. It is truly the best tablet
in your hand and in your home.. To give you an idea just how
helpful Pixel Tablet can be,. we asked TV personality Michelle
Buteau to put it to the test.. Let's see how that went.. [VIDEO PLAYBACK]. [MUSIC PLAYING]. - When Google asked me to
spend the day with this tablet,. I was a little apprehensive,
because I'm not a tech person.. I don't know how things
work all the time.. But I'm a woman in STEM now.. Some days, I could
barely find the floor,. let alone a charger
for something.. So when the Google
folks said something. about a tablet that docks, I was
like, OK, that Google proofing.. I am, on average--. two to five meetings a day.. Today, I got stuck on all these
features, honey-- the 360 of it. all.. The last time I was around
this much sand, some of it. got caught in my belly
button, and I had a pearl. two weeks later.. Look, it's a bird!.. 
heloSix shows just popped up
based off of my preferences.. And they were like, hey, girl.. That would have made it
funnier, but that was good.. My husband is actually
a photographer,. so I have to rely on him to
make everything nice and pretty.. But now-- I love this
picture of me and my son,. but there's a boom mic there.. Look, it's right here.. You see this one?. Get this mic.. You see that?. Magic Eraser.. Take a circle or brush--. I'm going to do both.. Boom!. How cute is that?. And so I hope not only
you guys are happy. with me reviewing this,
but that you'll also. give me one, because, I mean.. You're getting tired, right?. - I'm not.. - You're not?. OK, because I am.. [END PLAYBACK]. [APPLAUSE]. RICK OSTERLOH: That's a
pretty good first review.. Now, tablets aren't the
only large-screen device. we want to show you today.. It's been really exciting
to see foldables take off. over the past few years.. Android's driven
so much innovation. in this new form factor, and we
see tremendous potential here... 
helohave a versatile
form factor, making. it great to use both
folded and unfolded.. It should also have a
flagship-level camera system. that truly takes advantage of
the unique design and an app. experience that's fluid and
seamless across both screens.. Creating a foldable like
that, it really means pushing. the envelope with
state-of-the-art technology,. and that means an ultra
premium $1799 device.. Now, to get there,
we've been working. closely with our
Android colleagues. to create a new standard
for foldable technology.. Introducing Google Pixel Fold.. [APPLAUSE]. It combines Tensor G2,
Android innovation,. and AI for an
incredible phone that. unfolds into an
incredible compact tablet.. It's the only foldable
engineered by Google. to adapt to how
you want to use it,. with a familiar front
display that works great. when it's folded, and
when it's unfolded,. it's our thinnest phone yet,
and the thinnest foldable. on the market.. Now, to get there, we had to
pack a flagship-level phone.. 
helomeant completely
redesigning and components. like the telephoto lens, and
the battery, and a lot more.. So it can fold up and it
can fit in your pocket. and retain that familiar
smartphone silhouette. when it's in your hand.. The Pixel fold has three
times the screen space. of a normal phone.. You unfold it, and you're
treated to an expansive. 7.6-inch display that opens flat
with a custom 180-degree fluid. friction hinge.. So you're getting the
best of both worlds.. It's a powerful smartphone
when it's convenient. and an immersive tablet
when you need one.. And like every phone we make,
Pixel Fold is built to last.. We've extensively
tested the hinge. to be the most durable
of any foldable.. Corning Gorilla Glass
Victus protects it. from exterior scratches, while
the IPX8 water-resistant design. safeguards against the weather.. And as you'd expect
from a Pixel device,. Pixel Fold gives you
entirely new ways. to take stunning photos and
videos with Pixel camera.. You put the camera in Tabletop
mode to capture the stars,.. 
heloAnd use the best camera on
the phone for your selfies.. The unique combination of form
factor, triple rear camera. hardware, and personal
AI with Tensor G2. make it the best
foldable camera system.. [APPLAUSE]. Now, there are so
many experiences. that feel even more natural
with the Pixel Fold.. One is the dual screen
interpreter mode.. Your Pixel Fold--. [APPLAUSE]. Your Pixel Fold can
use both displays--. both displays-- to
provide a live translation. to you and the person
you're talking to.. So it's really easy to
connect across languages.. [APPLAUSE]. And powering all of this
is Google Tensor G2.. Pixel Fold has all the personal
AI features you'd expect from. a top-of-the-line Pixel device,
including safety, speech,. and call assist.. Plus, it's got great performance
for on-the-go multitasking. and entertainment.. And the entire foldable
experience is built on Android.. So let's get Dave back out
here to show you the latest. improvements to
Android you'll get. to experience on a Pixel Fold... 
heloThanks, Rick.. From new form factors
customizability. to biometrics and
computational photography,. Android has always been at the
forefront of mobile industry. breakthroughs.. And recently, we've been
working on a ton of features. and improvements for
large-screen devices. like tablets and foldables.. So who thinks we should
try a bunch of live demos. on the new Pixel Fold?. [APPLAUSE]. All right, let's do it.. It starts the second
I unfold the device,. with this stunning
wallpaper animation.. And the hinge sensor is
actually driving the animation.. And it's a subtle thing,
but it makes the device. feel so dynamic and alive.. Yeah, I just love that.. So let's go back to
the folded state.. And I'm looking at Google Photos
of a recent snowboarding trip.. Now, the scenery is
really beautiful.. So I want to show you
on the big screen.. I just open my phone,
and the video instantly. expands into this
gorgeous, full-screen view.. We call this feature
continuity, and we've. obsessed over every
millisecond it.. 
heloto the larger screen.. Now, all work and no play
makes Davy a dull boy,. so I'm going to message
my buddy about getting. back out on the mountain.. I can just swipe to bring up
the new Android taskbar, then. drag Google Messages to the
side to enter split screen. mode like so.. To inspire my buddy, I'm
going to send them a photo.. So I can just drag and
drop from Google Photos. right into my message, like so.. And thanks to the new Jetpack
drag and drop library,. this is now supported in
a wide variety of apps,. from Workspace to WhatsApp.. You'll notice we've made
a bunch of improvements. throughout the OS to take
advantage of the larger screen.. So for example, here's
the new split keyboards. for faster typing.. And if I pull down
from the top, you'll. notice the new two-panel shade
showing both my notifications. and my quick settings
at the same time.. Now, Pixel Fold is great
for productivity on the go.. And if I swipe up
into Overview, you'll. notice that we now keep the
multitasking windows paired... 
heloand Slides earlier to
prep for this keynote.. And I think I'm following
most of these tips so far,. but I'm not quite done yet.. I've been warned, by the way.. Anyway, I could even
adjust the split. to suit the content
that I'm viewing.. And working this way, it's like
having a dual monitor set up. in the palm of my hand, allowing
me to do two things at once--. which reminds me,
I should probably. send Rick a quick note.. So I'll open Gmail.. And I don't have a
lot of time, so I'm. going to use the new
help me write feature.. So let's try this out.. [APPLAUSE]. Don't cheer yet.. Let's see if it works.. OK, Rick-- Rick--. congrats on-- what are
we going to call this?. Pixel Fold's launch.. Amazing with Android.. And then I probably should say--. not Andrew, Android.. Dave.. It's hard to type with all
you people looking at me.. All right.. Now, by the power of
large language models,. allow me to elaborate.. Dear Rick, congratulations
on the successful launch. of Pixel Fold.. I'm really impressed
with the device.. 
heloThe foldable screen
is a game changer. and I can't wait to see
what you do with it now.. [APPLAUSE]. That's productivity.. But there's more.. The Pixel Fold is also an
awesome entertainment device,. and YouTube is just a really
great showcase for this.. So let's start watching this
video on the big screen.. Now, look what
happens when I fold. the device at right angles.. YouTube enters what
we call Tabletop mode. so that the video
plays on the top half,. and then we're working on
adding playback controls. to the bottom half for
an awesome single-handed. lean-back experience.. And the video just
keeps playing fluidly. through these transitions
without losing a beat.. One last thing.. We're adding support
for switching displays. from within an app.. And Pixel Fold's camera is a
really great example of that.. Now, by the way, say
hi to Julie behind me.. She's the real star of the show.. So Pixel Fold has this new
button on the bottom right.. So I'm going to tap this.. And it means I can
move the viewfinder.. 
heloSo let me turn
the device around.. OK, so why is this interesting?. Well, it means that
the viewfinder is now. beside the rear camera system.. And that means I can get a
high-quality, ultra-wide,. amazing selfie with the
best camera on the device.. Speaking of which-- and you
knew where this was going--. smile, everybody!. You look awesome.. Woo-hoo!. I always wanted to do that
at a Google I/O keynote.. So what you're seeing
here is the culmination. of several years of work,
in fact, on large screens,. spanning the Android OS
and the most popular apps. on the Play Store.. All this work comes alive
on The Amazing new Pixel. Tablet and Pixel Fold.. Check out this video.. Thank you.. [VIDEO PLAYBACK]. [MUSIC PLAYING]. [END PLAYBACK]. [APPLAUSE]. RICK OSTERLOH: Whoo!. That demo was awesome.. Across Pixel and Android,
we're making huge strides. with large-screen devices.. And we can't wait to get
Pixel Tablet and Pixel Fold. into your hands.. And you're not going to
have to wait too long.. You can pre-order Pixel
Fold starting today,.. 
heloAnd you'll get the most out
of our first ultra premium. foldable by pairing
it with Pixel Watch.. So when you pre-order
a Pixel Fold,. you'll also get a
Pixel Watch on us.. [APPLAUSE]. The Pixel family
continues to grow. into the most dynamic
mobile hardware. portfolio in the market today.. From a broad selection
of smartphones. to watches, earbuds, and
now, tablets and foldables,. there are more ways
than ever to experience. the helpfulness Pixel is known
for wherever and whenever you. need it.. Now, let me pass
it back to Sundar.. Thanks, everyone.. [MUSIC PLAYING]. [APPLAUSE]. SUNDAR PICHAI: Thanks, Rick.. I'm really enjoying the new
tablet and the first Pixel. foldable phone, and I'm proud
of the progress Android is. driving across the ecosystem.. As we wrap up, I've
been reflecting. on the big technology shifts
that we've all been a part of.. The shift with AI is
as big as they come.. And that's why it's
so important that we. make AI helpful for everyone.. We are approaching it boldly,
with a sense of excitement,.. 
of information, combined
with the capabilities. of generative AI, can transform
Search and all of our products. yet again.. And we are doing
this responsibly. in a way that underscores
the deep commitment we. feel to get it right.. No one company
can do this alone.. Our developer community
will be key to unlocking. the enormous
opportunities ahead.. We look forward to working
together and building together.. So on behalf of all
of us at Google,. thank you and enjoy
the rest of I/O.. [APPLAUSE]. [MUSIC PLAYING].. 
